[SWOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Egyptian
glyphs in Australia.
>>BILLY CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What does
that tell you?
>>CARSON: It tells me
we've got a lot to learn.
[LAUGHS] There was
a galactic war,
and it all kind of
started over race.
>>NOORY: It does
everywhere, doesn't it?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
They actually had the capability
of sending a beam to a planet
and destroying
the entire planet.
>>NOORY: It's worse
than an atomic bomb.
>>CARSON: We need
to learn from where
our progenitors came from.
And what type of wars
did they get into?
And why were they at war?
How did they then
create peace over time
so that we can follow
that same path?
Because right now,
we're a warring race.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: They had to have
some type of a drive that
allowed them to
violate Einstein's
theory of relativity.
>>NOORY: Bending space and time.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
I've gone through over a million
cylinder scrolls, tablets,
texts, cuneiform stones,
cylinder scrolls.
I mean, you name it, I've
gone through them all.
>>NOORY: And you are
convinced about what now?
Welcome to "Beyond Belief."
What a great guest
we have for you.
Billy Carson back
with us, best selling
author of the "Compendium
of the Emerald Tablets."
And he's an expert host on
several Gaia original programs
such as "Deep Space" and
"Ancient Civilizations."
Billy earned a
certificate of science
with an emphasis on
neuroscience at MIT
and has a certificate
in ancient civilization
from Harvard University.
Billy, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>CARSON: Hey, it's a blessing
to be back on your show.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
You look great.
>>CARSON: Thank you, sir.
I've been fantastic.
Everything's been great.
I've been healthy, thankfully,
and I have no complaints.
>>NOORY: Super.
What is that ornament
around your neck?
>>CARSON: This is
an obsidian stone
that the Mayans used to use
to watch solar eclipses.
It would actually block
out the halo of the sun
and let them see more
phenomenon in space.
>>NOORY: Where'd you get that?
>>CARSON: I actually got it
from a lady who made it by hand.
Her name is Soul Rays.
>>NOORY: Good for you.
How did you get interested
in extraterrestrial life?
>>CARSON: Well,
originally what happened
was when I was a
little kid, I was
in my backyard
playing around, and I
saw what looked like a
UFO crossing my backyard.
>>NOORY: It probably was.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
Because I saw
airplanes going over
from the private
airport that was nearby,
the Opa Locka Airport.
And I just watched them
go across the sky, kind
of like in slow motion.
And it really amazed me.
But one day, this object went
across in seconds, not minutes.
And it didn't have a fuselage,
or tail fin, a cockpit.
And then it came
back and stopped,
and it was just silent.
And then it just took off
the way that it came in.
And I said, what was that?
So I went to my library at my
elementary school, Rainbow Park
Elementary, and I took
down all the Encyclopedia
Britannicas on aerospace, and
that's when I started research.
And that was back in 1977.
>>NOORY: Billy, we hear a
lot about the Pleiadian star
system.
Where exactly is
that in our cluster?
>>CARSON: Well, if you
look up from the night sky
from the position--
usually from America,
looking up to the
upper left, you'll
see what they call
the Seven Sisters.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>CARSON: And the
Seven Sisters are
the seven brightest
of the Pleiades,
but not the only
stars in the Pleiades.
And so there's probably several
hundred thousand stars there.
But from our
perspective on Earth,
we see the seven brightest ones.
>>NOORY: You believe
they're behind some kind
of galactic war.
Tell us what that is.
>>CARSON: Well,
what happened was
if you look at a lot
of the ancient records,
it seems as if several
billion years ago,
there was a galactic war
in that region of space.
And this war, according
to the ancient text,
it talks about the
Lyrans and the Sirians
starting this battle, also
with some Draconian people,
and it all kind of started
over race, unfortunately.
>>NOORY: It does
everywhere, doesn't it?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Unfortunately.
That's right.
What kind of weaponry
do you think they used?
>>CARSON: Well, in
the Mahabharata,
they talk about using
a Brahma weapon, which
is a weapon that can destroy
any man on three worlds.
So it's some type of--
>>NOORY: It's worse
than something--
it's worse than an atomic bomb.
>>CARSON: Oh, much worse.
Much worse.
It's some type of a targeted
weapon that can literally
assassinate either
one person or destroy
an entire civilization
or multiple civilizations
at the same time.
And then they also had
something like on "Star Wars,"
which is likened to a planetary
destroyer like a Death Star.
And these moon-sized weapons,
which we probably have one
in our solar system--
I think Iapetus is probably one
as well in our solar system.
It's a moon of Saturn.
But they actually
had the capability
of sending a beam to a
planet and destroying
the entire planet.
>>NOORY: That
could have happened
with the planet between
Mars and Jupiter,
what we call the asteroid belt.
>>CARSON: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Who knows?
>>CARSON: Yeah, there
was a planet there
named Tiamat in ancient times.
Also, that planet was
destroyed and blowing up
according to the
ancient tablets,
and it became the asteroid belt.
>>NOORY: Were there any
survivors of this situation?
>>CARSON: There were survivors.
So what happened was we had
a space refugee situation.
And so what happens is you had
the Lyrans, the Sirians, Alpha
Draconians, and all these
other groups that were
living in those star systems.
And because these wars were
blowing up different planets
and moons, that
debris was crashing
into their actual homeland,
so their home planets--
creating a mess in
that sector of space.
So according to the
ancient records,
they started fleeing--
the survivors started
fleeing into space and looking
for other homes, other places,
other star systems
to go move to.
And so they left.
>>NOORY: You've got a
friend, Wayne Herschel,
who discussed the significance
of certain artifacts
with references to the Pleiades.
Let's take a look at that.
>>WAYNE HERSCHEL: My
name's Wayne Herschel.
I'm very pleased to show you
the ancient alien collection
of ancient artifacts
that show star maps that
show an ancient alien
presence in our history.
The Nineveh disk found
in the area of Nineveh
in ancient Sumer, Sumeria.
This is quite amazing
here, because it
has three dots in a row
that follows with an arrow.
I'm pretty convinced
this is Orion.
The most amazing thing with this
story is if you follow across--
I'm going to turn it around--
we have an X and an
arrow going through it.
I believe this is
telling the story--
both arrows pointing
at each other,
telling the story in a
different way with astronomy
and naming stars in
a cross formation
and following three belt
stars as the arrow that
points the way like the
Chi Rho of Constantine
with the Christian history.
But where does it point to?
What is it showing to?
Well, apparently, according
to Zecharia Sitchin,
the writing here is follow,
follow just a little further.
And it's a cosmic traveler.
It's an Enki traveling.
I'm not too sure but it's
a cosmic travel following.
And it says follow, and past
the seven heavenly bodies.
Sitchin believed
these were planets.
I don't think so.
The ancient Sumerian
tablets show the Pleiades
as being the collective cluster.
And it's a definite cluster.
The ground zero Sumerian seal.
Sitchin made this
one quite famous.
Museums like the British Museum
insisted this is the Pleiades.
A king standing on top of the
throne-- sorry, sitting on top
of a lion that denotes
kingdom, kingship.
On his crown he has a star, but
there's also one next to it.
This is the real star.
This is his designated gold
star on top of his crown.
So don't mix the two.
That's the real one.
This is one on his crown.
Is this an ancient astronaut?
You tell me.
But what convincingly
completes the story
is the disk that flies.
This is the means of flying.
This is the flying
disk celestial ship.
One of my most
favorite artifacts,
a big story in my book,
"The Hidden Records."
It's so fantastic to see
the Pleiades in such detail.
Yes, it is the Pleiades.
Historians in the Berlin Museum
where this original is kept
speak of it as the Pleiades.
A man in front of two disks,
two circular orbs, one big one
and one small one.
Or is it a man
inside a ship that
flies, holding onto
some kind of a gear
and operating a mechanism?
Could this be the
celestial ship?
Then we have Taurus
here and something
on the back of the bull.
I think this is what
really speaks volumes here.
This is the place where
the Pleiades resides.
And it's like a cartouche
that's emanating a light.
>>NOORY: Pretty
remarkable, Billy.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Were those
authentic artifacts?
>>CARSON: They are scale copies
of the actual originals, which
were in a lot of the
museums around the world.
>>NOORY: If you interpret
it the way Herschel did,
you could assume that these
extraterrestrials were
all over the place and
had high technology.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And we can find these
artifacts all over the world.
So those weren't
just in one location.
They were around
the entire planet.
And there's many more.
And so what's really
amazing is the majority
of these artifacts always seem
to point to the Pleiadian star
system.
>>NOORY: That's
that seven cluster
that we saw in the corner that
they call the Seven Sisters.
>>CARSON: Correct.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And do they believe
there are planetary systems
within the Pleiades?
>>CARSON: Yes, there are.
So within the Pleiades,
you have so many stars
that all have planets
orbiting them.
So you have multiple
solar systems
in that region or
that sector of space
and multiple advanced
civilizations
coming from that
one area of space.
>>NOORY: Tell us
about space refugees.
Who are they?
>>CARSON: The space refugees
were several different races.
So the Lyrans, the Sirians,
the Atlanteans, the Nerubians.
All these different
races that the--
>>NOORY: Anunnaki?
>>CARSON: The Anunnaki, correct.
And so the Anunnaki is more
like a generalized term.
So anybody that comes from
any of those areas to Earth
is an Anunnaki, because
Anunnaki just means from heaven
to Earth, they came.
But they all actually had--
>>NOORY: Could be 16 different
races for all we know.
>>CARSON: Correct.
And that's been a
real misconception
within the Sumerian tablets.
People tend to think that
they were just one race.
If you really analyze all
the different tablets,
you realize that they
were multiple races coming
from different star systems.
>>NOORY: Now these
ancient tablet
replicas that we looked at that
make reference to the Pleiades,
what does that tell you?
What's so important about this?
>>CARSON: What's so important
is the past is prologue.
And so for us to really
move into a golden age
in this era of mankind
moving forward,
we really need to
understand what
happened in the ancient past.
And what it looks like to
me from my observations
with these ancient tablets
and all these records
left behind that we need
to learn from, first
of all, where our
progenitors came from.
And also, what type of
wars did they get into,
and why were they at war?
How did they then
create peace over time
so that we can follow
that same path?
Because right now,
we're a warring race.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>CARSON: And we're coming
up with wars over the most
ridiculous things.
[LAUGHS] You know,
right now we have
over 3,000 ballistic
missiles on this planet all
aimed back at our own selves.
Not to protect us
from the outside--
>>NOORY: Enough to destroy
everything on this planet.
>>CARSON: While we're
here without escape pods.
We can't even become
space refugees.
>>NOORY: Let's make reference
on the Gaia series "Ancient
Civilizations" that I
introduced you with.
Jack Cary talks about
the Dogon tribe.
This is a tribe of
people that allegedly
had contact with
extraterrestrials who talked
about a binary star system.
The only way for them to
know, the Dogon tribe,
about this binary
star system was
to be told it, because
you couldn't see it.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Let's look at that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>CARY: The Dogon
tribe of West Africa
were discovered in 1935 by
two French anthropologists.
Griaule and Dieterlen
were their names.
These two anthropologists
eventually
gained the respect
of the Dogon shaman
and were allowed to hear
their sacred knowledge.
What amazed these
anthropologists
was that the Dogon tribe
possessed knowledge
of the Sirius star system that
no ancient people should ever
have possessed.
The Dogon tribe told them
that not only was there
a relationship between
Sirius and our star,
but they claimed that a
group of what could only
be described as alien creatures
called the Nommos descended
down to Earth, and that
this group of beings
imparted to them the knowledge
that they then possessed
about the Sirius star system.
What they couldn't
understand was
how it was they had
knowledge of a Sirius
B, which is a white dwarf star.
It's the smallest form of
visible star that we know of,
and we can barely see it
with modern-day telescopes.
And yet they knew of
its absolute existence,
and they called it Potolo,
which is a tiny seed found
in West Africa.
And they said it's a tiny star,
but it's the heaviest thing
that there is.
Well, they were
alluding to the fact
that white dwarf stars
have some of the highest
density of any stellar
bodies that we know of.
And that's not something
an ancient people should
have known anything about.
They even spoke of a Sirius
C, yet another stellar body
in the Sirius star
system, something
which wasn't proven to be true
until 1995, a full 60 years
after the discovery
of this tribe.
>>NOORY: Absolutely
incredible, Billy, isn't it?
>>CARSON: Incredible.
>>NOORY: I mean, somebody
came down and told
these people what was going on.
>>CARSON: Yeah, they did.
Not only did they tell them
about the trinary star system
at Sirius, but they also
told them about every planet
in our solar system.
The shape, the size,
and even the colors
and the orbital
rotation around our sun
of everything going on right
here in our solar system.
>>NOORY: Does that
tribe exist today?
>>CARSON: Yes, they do.
Those were the original tribe
that lived in the land of Khem,
long before it was called Egypt.
And then after, they
were overthrown.
They were in their own
golden age, so to speak.
And they had no military, no
police officers, no crime.
And some other groups
saw that and took
advantage of that,
unfortunately,
and ended their golden age.
They then migrated
out to Mali, Africa,
where they still live today.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
In the "Star Wars" movie, they
talk about the Jedi Knights.
Those are real, aren't they?
>>CARSON: They are
100% real, yes.
>>NOORY: Where are they from?
>>CARSON: Well, they're
from the Orion star system.
And so Orion is also Osiris--
>>NOORY: Which the pyramids
were constructed after--
>>CARSON: Yes.
And the alignment to align
with the Orion star system
at a specific time frame.
I think it was around
13,000 years ago.
And so basically,
this alignment is just
signifying Osiris, which is
one of the very first rulers
of the Neteru that
came to Earth.
They called them the Neteru
in the Egyptian text.
And the Neteru came
here, and they actually
turned mud into a kingdom
during the time of Zep Tepi.
And so when they
came, the Orion--
Osiris was also known as Orion.
And he had this initiate
program that he put together
for these knights,
these knights of honor,
that would carry
these ancient codes
of ancient history, ancient
wisdom, ancient knowledge.
And they would use their power
of thought and consciousness
to defend the galaxy.
>>NOORY: You'd be great teaching
this in school, you know that?
>>CARSON: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: These Jedi Knights,
are they existing today?
>>CARSON: They're here today.
>>NOORY: Are they on our planet?
>>CARSON: They're everywhere.
They are all down, moving
into a resonant awakening
as we move now into
this galactic equator
that our solar system is
moving in resonance with
and getting all these
galactic, cosmic rays coming
from the galactic black hole.
And at this time is
when you're going
to start seeing a lot of
people begin to awaken,
not only on Earth, but
also in other planets
in this sector of the galaxy.
>>NOORY: The group
in Mesopotamia,
they're called the, what?
The "Abati?"
>>CARSON: The Ubaid culture.
>>NOORY: Ubaid.
>>CARSON: Yes, Ubaid.
The Ubaid culture were
originally space refugees
from that ancient, ancient
galactic war from the Pleiades.
They eventually migrated
to Alpha Draconis,
is what we call
that star system.
And some of them actually made
their way from there to Earth.
>>NOORY: Here.
>>CARSON: Yeah, they
started their own breakaway
civilization right
here on Earth,
long before the
Anunnaki ever arrived,
or the Atlantean version
of the Anunnaki that we see
in the Sumerian--
>>NOORY: How did
they get here, Billy?
>>CARSON: They had
to have space travel.
They had to have star travel.
They had the capability of
traveling obviously faster
than the speed of
light or a warp drive.
Some type of a
drive that allowed
them to violate Einstein's
theory of relativity.
>>NOORY: Bending space and time.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
Creating an Einstein-Rosen
bridge would be one of the ways
where you actually
literally bend space.
You fold space.
>>NOORY: Did they
walk through it?
>>CARSON: They can
have portal technology.
That's very possible.
However, from all the ancient
records that I've read,
it seems only the
elite of the elite
had access to these stargates.
And so you had to have a
special access code, which
was a djed pillar ankh.
So your body would resonate to
the specific atomic frequency
of the condenser
in the djed pillar
that was harnessed
inside the ankh,
and that would be your key
to walk through the gate.
If you didn't have that specific
resonant frequency programmed
to the gate, you couldn't get
through to the other side.
>>NOORY: Gosh, I'd love to have
that kind of technology today.
>>CARSON: We need it.
We need it.
>>NOORY: Star travel
would be just like that.
>>CARSON: Instant.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: This culture,
where do they come from?
>>CARSON: Well, they came from
the Alpha Draconis star system,
but originally started
in the Pleiades.
They created kingdoms
on Earth, many kingdoms
for many thousands-- hundreds
of thousands of years.
And we actually were here.
Our cousins were here.
Homo sapien cousins were here.
So they weren't
Homo sapien sapien,
but there was an existing
hominid on this planet
while those advanced
Alpha Draconian people,
those Ubaid culture ruled.
They created kingdoms.
They had a monarchical
type of a system.
>>NOORY: Were they
are warring group?
>>CARSON: They weren't
warring at all.
They seem to be very peaceful.
>>NOORY: They would heal
people, wouldn't they?
>>CARSON: They
would heal people.
There were no records of wars
or destruction during their time
that they reigned.
And then the Atlantean
Anunnaki showed up.
And then some way,
they just began
to dissipate and
disappear off the planet.
>>NOORY: Now when you say they
disappeared, where did they go?
>>CARSON: Well, either
they were killed off,
or maybe they just left, because
the Anunnaki's break away
civilization from the
Atlantean culture.
They really moved into
those areas and regions
and built their kingdoms
and their new temples
on top of the Ubaid culture.
>>NOORY: And when
you say killed off,
that means there's
still a warring group
out there somewhere, right?
>>CARSON: Yeah, well, the
Anunnaki that we know from
Atlantis are from the--
>>NOORY: Zecharia Sitchin.
>>CARSON: Zecharia
Sitchin, yeah.
But they also are named.
They're actually named
in the Enuma Elis.
So they're real, and
they were real people.
However, if you
read those tablets,
they're always talking about
using weapons on each other.
And they had several
types of weapons.
They even have this thing
called the Tablets of Destiny.
Whoever owned those
Tablets of Destiny
can control the power going on
in the center of the galaxy.
So they really were
a warring race.
They had weapons
of mass destruction
that they had even
brought to Earth with them
and hid inside of a mountain.
>>NOORY: Well, it's a
wonder we are who we are.
>>CARSON: Right.
Exactly.
So they taught us.
We learned from
them, unfortunately.
And so that's where
we got this mentality.
Battle, battle, battle.
And a lot of these
battles and wars
made it into the
Book of Deuteronomy.
The wars in the
Book of Deuteronomy
were ordered by these
Anunnaki Atlantean people.
>>NOORY: You would think that
with a higher civilization,
an advanced civilization,
that they would be more
peaceful and understanding.
That's not the case, is it?
>>CARSON: It's not the case.
There were some good ones, too.
So you had Thoth.
You had some very good Enki.
You had some very
good people in there.
But also, you always have
the yin and the yang.
>>NOORY: Sure.
The balance.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
We always hope that
the good will prevail.
So there was a lot of good that
came out of some of the things
that they did, and a lot of good
energy and a lot of good people
that tried to uplift
mankind and take it
to another level consciously.
But also then
unfortunately, we did have
the infighting of themselves.
They were fighting against
their own family members
for control of the people
and resources of Earth.
>>NOORY: How did you come
across this knowledge, Billy?
You know a lot about this.
>>CARSON: I know.
Well, around 2010, I started
looking into space anomalies.
And from there, I recognized
some of these anomalies
appeared to match some of the
megalithic structures on Earth.
These were images from
NASA, the European Space
Agency, the Russian Space
Agency, and so forth,
looking at Mars,
the moon, Venus.
Even looking at the
moons of Saturn.
And I started recognizing
things that just didn't belong.
And so I'm like, if
this looks like that
and we have this here on Earth,
and this looks like our thesis,
could this be the
same ancient culture?
Maybe they were--
>>NOORY: You started piecing
things and putting two and two
together.
>>CARSON: So I
started researching.
I started digging into ancient
texts, ancient tablets.
Long story short, I've gone
through over a million cylinder
scrolls, tablets,
texts, cuneiform
stones, cylinder scrolls.
I mean, you name it, I've
gone through them all.
>>NOORY: And you are
convinced about what now?
>>CARSON: I am totally convinced
that a interplanetary, maybe
even intergalactic race,
came through our area,
engaged mankind, created
multiple breakaway
civilizations in this
sector of the galaxy,
and ruled for probably millions
of years before it collapsed.
>>NOORY: Did they seed us?
>>CARSON: I believe
that we were seeded
based on my conversations
with the Aboriginal elders
when I went to Australia.
I believe that they were--
>>NOORY: You've been everywhere.
>>CARSON: I've been
everywhere, yeah.
They said that we
were seeded here.
We were the first people
seeded on this planet
by the Pleiadians.
And so also I believe
that our cousins,
before we were
genetically modified,
were also seeded here during
the time of those wars that
were going on.
It was a preservation
type of a thing,
just like we preserve--
unfortunately,
I don't want to use
the name animal.
But we preserve animals by
taking them and moving them
to different areas
on the planet.
>>NOORY: In our solar
system, is there
anything unusual about any of
the planets in your opinion?
>>CARSON: Yes, a lot
of unusual things.
For example, the
way that our moon
is geostationary locked
with the rotation of Earth.
The distance from
the Earth to the moon
allows it to create a perfect--
>>NOORY: Oh, it
was perfect design.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
It's just amazing.
And then when you look at the
way that the moon was created,
you look at all those
different craters.
You don't see any craters
that have hit at an angle
and then skid to
a particular spot.
Everything seems to
be direct head on.
And they always
have the same depth,
which is very interesting.
>>NOORY: Like it's carved out.
>>CARSON: Right.
And then you have-- around the
rims of a lot of these craters,
it's missing a lot of the
debris from the center.
Where'd the debris go?
So it makes you ask a
question, like, is this thing--
are these real craters, or
are these artificial domes
that are being
hidden from our eyes
with some type of technology?
And then when they
dropped the ascent module
back into the moon during
the Apollo missions
and they had the
seismometers on the surface,
it rang like a bell
for over an hour.
>>NOORY: It pinged.
>>CARSON: Right.
Now what backs this
up, more recently,
just about five years
ago, we did a ground
penetrating radar scan of
the moon using the Arecibo
telescope.
>>NOORY: Before it collapsed.
>>CARSON: Before
it collapsed, yes.
And so with the
Arecibo telescope,
we were able to see beneath
the surface of the moon.
And what we see in
those images untouched
appear to be what looks like
metallic or support beams
underneath the surface.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
When I was a little boy, my
parents got me a telescope,
and one of the first objects,
Billy, I looked at was Saturn.
And I could see the rings.
It was like somebody painted
this perfect picture out
in space.
On the Gaia show "Deep
Space," David Icke
talks about the interesting
facts surrounding
that planet, Saturn.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: The more we
learn about the planet Saturn,
the stranger it becomes.
The spacecraft
"Cassini" has fallen
into the atmosphere of Saturn
in its last great adventure.
With "Cassini" now gone, we'll
have no more visual access
to the planet outside
of our telescopes.
But what if the planet is
something different than what
we are told?
In mythology, we discover
many stories of Saturn
being a controlling
god, a fearful god who
murders his children.
Saturn is also Father
of Time with his scythe.
Saturn is also associated
with Satan, the Dark Lord
of Western mythology.
Is Saturn somehow
controlling us?
>>DAVID ICKE: If you can change
the information source that
people are decoding--
i.e.
you broadcast it from
Saturn with a heck
of a lot of amplification
from the moon--
then you can change the reality,
physical, actually holographic
that people are decoding.
If you've got the headset on in
a video game and someone puts
another disk in, your
reality completely
changes, because now you're
decoding another information
source.
That is what I say
happened, and that's
what changed this reality from
something that was described
in blissful, harmonious
terms into the madhouse
that we have today
called human society.
>>NOORY: Do you agree
with him, Billy?
>>CARSON: It's very interesting.
It's a great perspective
to think about,
the fact that I
really do believe
that we're living in a
fractal holographic universe.
So what he's alluding
to is the fact
that somehow Saturn
energetically
has some type of a
programming effect
on the actual hologram
or this light matrix
that we're inhabiting.
>>NOORY: Would you
say that Saturn
may be one of the most unusual
planets in our solar system?
>>CARSON: Oh, yeah, it is.
I mean, the more I
looked into Saturn,
the more I realized--
first of all,
it has a hexagon on top that's
a perfect shape hexagon.
>>NOORY: The rings
are fantastic.
>>CARSON: The rings are amazing.
But there's a book that came
out called the "Ringmakers
of Saturn" by Norman Bergrun.
And that book took me
down a big rabbit hole
when I started
analyzing these images.
And this man's credentials
are down the street
and around the corner, you know?
>>NOORY: They're impeccable.
>>CARSON: Impeccable.
And the fact that there
looks to be sophisticated--
what I would call man-made
structures or advanced
being-made structures sitting
on top of these rings,
and also some things that look
like they're actually guiding
the rings in certain ways--
is there a civilization that
lives on the rings of Saturn?
I mean, I don't know.
But it's really amazing.
But I did find some
interesting things
on Titan, which is one
of the moons there.
>>NOORY: What did
you find there?
>>CARSON: An actual
anomaly, a massive anomaly
with the descent of the
Huygens probe to the surface,
which landed in what
looks like a lake.
They're claiming that it's
hydrocarbons that are--
>>NOORY: And methanes.
>>CARSON: Yeah, and methane.
But they're saying it's so
dense that it looks like water,
but it's not.
Maybe it is.
But however--
>>NOORY: We've got to go there.
>>CARSON: We have to go there.
On the descent, though, it
picked up some amazing images,
which we'll probably get a
chance to show a clip of that.
An amazing anomaly I found,
which is super massive.
Probably about a mile
high on the surface.
>>NOORY: A mile high?
>>CARSON: A mile high.
>>NOORY: That's huge.
>>CARSON: Yeah, it's massive.
And it doesn't look to be--
>>NOORY: And it's a
structure made by someone?
>>CARSON: Yes.
It doesn't look like a rock.
It doesn't look like
anything that would be-- say,
geologically would
be normal form.
It looks like something that
was made by intelligent hands.
>>NOORY: Now, we've got
rovers running all over Mars,
looking for things.
Have they found
anything in your opinion
that we really
should be looking at?
>>CARSON: I think they've
found a lot of stuff,
which is why they have spent
trillions and trillions
of dollars--
it's more than billions
by now, it's actually
trillions-- to go to Mars.
>>NOORY: Chunk of
change for what
they've been spending, right?
>>CARSON: Oh, it's just peanuts.
Yeah, it's just-- you know.
You just press a button
and you print more.
>>NOORY: Print more money.
>>CARSON: Yeah, exactly.
So it's very easy
for them to do.
[LAUGHS] They just
have to justify it.
But even with all the failed
missions, we keep going back.
Now we have Curiosity
Rover, which
has been up there for a while.
And we also have the
Mars Perseverance Rover--
>>NOORY: Which
just got up there.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
And the images coming back
from the Perseverance Rover
have already shown incredible,
incredible anomalies.
Unquestionable.
And these are some of the main
images that they've posted,
and they put it right
on the main website.
Everybody just takes a glance.
They go, oh, that's cool.
Nobody takes the
image and goes, let
me take a closer look at this.
Then you'll start
to see things that
have geometric shapes,
things that are--
>>NOORY: Maybe they do,
Billy, and they just
don't want us to know about it.
>>CARSON: It's possible.
I think sometimes they just
hide the truth in plain sight.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Yep.
And maybe you're
right about that.
I'm fascinated by the
ancient civilizations
on this planet that talked
about intergalactic races.
>>CARSON: Yes.
>>NOORY: Talk about that.
>>CARSON: If you look into
the ancient Indian epics--
the Mahabharata,
the Bhagavad Gita--
they actually talk about
intergalactic races
specifically coming
from the Pleiades.
So again-- and some
of these records
are really super
ancient and have been
re-copied many, many times.
So just somebody
saying, oh, they're
2,000 or 3,000 or
4,000 years old, no.
They're much older than that.
>>NOORY: Hundreds
of thousands of--
>>CARSON: Thank you.
Exactly.
And then when you look into the
Emerald Tablets of Thoth, which
are about 36,000
years old estimated,
the first thing they talk
about is getting in a ship
and flying into space and
coming down to the Earth,
to the land of Khem after
the great flood happened.
That's the opening scene
in the Emerald Tablets.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
>>CARSON: So this is
really amazing stuff.
And the deeper you look, you
start finding the Sumerian
tablets now, the Akkadian,
the Babylonian versions
are all talking about
these advanced beings
coming from space to Earth
and interacting or engaging
mankind in some way.
In more modern times,
you can find it
in the Torah, the
mention of the Pleiades.
In the modern-day
Bible, you find
it mentioned, Homer's "Iliad."
I mean, I can just--
the Greek mythology.
I can just keep going and going.
>>NOORY: Oh, absolutely.
Knowing what you know,
does it excite you?
Does it baffle you?
Does it scare you?
What does it do?
>>CARSON: It really excites me.
I really feel like
I'm not small anymore.
I feel massive.
I feel super massive.
Some people may think,
oh, man, it just
means that we're nothing.
I think that it makes me
feel so great and big to be
interconnected with all
this stuff in the universe.
And my main goal or mission is
to find out, how much more can
I learn?
And is there any
way that I can even
get to see some of this stuff
in my lifetime potentially?
>>NOORY: How close do you
get to the theory of God
when you investigate all this?
>>CARSON: Well, it's
a great question.
I really believe that
there is a God, a creator,
because when you look at the
science of what we're living
in, this holographic matrix--
>>NOORY: Oh, it's
a genius design.
>>CARSON: It's
definitely designed,
and so that means
there is a designer.
I just don't believe that
the designer is inside
the matrix with us.
I believe that the designer's
on the outside of the matrix.
>>NOORY: Looking in?
>>CARSON: Looking in.
Just like if I had an ant farm,
I can look at the ant farm
from the outside looking in.
I can manipulate
things in the farm.
I can change things.
I can add food.
I can take food away.
I can take sand away.
Whatever I want, I can
manipulate their environment.
I'm the god to them
on the outside.
And so I believe
that what's happening
in a lot of religious
texts, they've
mistaken people that have
masqueraded as gods because
of their advanced technology
and their advanced knowledge
and put them as the deity
instead of understanding
that there's something even
above them that really truly
is the creator of all.
>>NOORY: When I was a kid,
I had an ant farm, Billy.
And I wanted to see how quickly
they could always rebuild.
And so I would always
shake the ant farm
and watch them again
put everything together.
Carbon copy from what they have.
And then I'd shake it again,
and they do it again and again
and again.
It's a little like what
we do on this planet.
>>CARSON: Exactly.
If you take a look at a city
and you just take an open frame
video and then you speed it up,
it looks just like an ant farm.
We look like we're the ants.
And that's why a lot of these
advanced civilizations that I
think are really
visiting us, they're
just monitoring us, just like
if we monitor animals out
in the wild, in
the wilderness now.
We sit back and we just watch.
We hide cameras around
and we just watch them.
And through anthropology,
we learn about them.
And so I think that they're
doing the same thing with us.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
your trip to Australia
and what you uncovered there.
>>CARSON: Oh, that
trip was mind-blowing.
I came on your show
maybe two shows ago,
and I talked about the fact that
there were Egyptian hieroglyphs
out in the outback of Australia.
>>NOORY: In Australia
of all places.
>>CARSON: Right.
And I finally got a
chance to get out there.
And I got some Aboriginal
elders and some guides,
and I went out way out to
the-- miles out into the bush,
into the fires.
And this is the
beginning of 2020
before the lockdown
happened, so I
was happy I was able
to get out there.
And they took me
to, after some time,
these proto Egyptian hieroglyphs
and also these Pleiadian
hieroglyphs out
there in the Outback.
>>NOORY: Remarkable.
And the Indigenous
people say what?
>>CARSON: They say that the
Pleiadians have been coming
here for hundreds of
thousands of years,
and that the Egyptians were
coming across and coming
there to learn wisdom from
the Aboriginal elders.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
>>CARSON: Just amazing stuff.
And these glyphs
have now been dated
because of the growth inside
of the cracks or the curves--
>>NOORY: And how did you come
across these Egyptian glyphs?
>>CARSON: Initially, I
saw the Strong family.
It was Evan Strong
and Steve Strong.
It's a father and son team.
>>NOORY: Researchers?
>>CARSON: Yeah, researchers.
They were just out
there in the bush.
They had heard about
them from the elders,
and they went out and found
the location where these were.
And when they were
talking about them,
it was a story of-- one
of the glyphs was a story.
One of the lines of the glyphs--
because they would come and put
their stories in lines over
many, many years, thousands
of years.
And this one story
was interesting,
because two brothers
came from Egypt.
When they landed and
came up to the area
to meet up with the Aboriginals,
one brother got bit by a snake.
>>NOORY: Oh, god.
Like a rattlesnake?
>>CARSON: A rattlesnake or
some type of jungle snake.
Right away.
It's like, they just got there.
And he tried to save him.
So the table that he used
to try to save him is there.
The stone he kind of made
it into a makeshift table--
surgery table, right?
And he couldn't.
He ended up using that stone
to actually mummify him.
>>NOORY: He died.
>>CARSON: He died.
And he left that in the glyphs.
And he took him back to Egypt.
When I went to Egypt
in 2014, the story
of him returning from
Australia with his brother,
his dead brother, was
there in the glyphs.
And that's why it was like,
I have to go to Australia.
And I finally got a chance
to make it out there.
>>NOORY: You gave us some
pictures about your trip.
Let's look at them.
And tell us what
we're looking at, OK?
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: A couple of them.
What is this, Billy?
>>CARSON: This is the actual
location of the glyphs.
We're in this crevice where
they had this makeshift temple.
The roof has now been
long since deteriorated.
And so we're in this
crevice area way
out there, miles
out in the Outback.
>>NOORY: That's a little--
some humans down in
the corner, right?
>>CARSON: Yeah, that's my team
that was down there, actually.
I think that looks
like it might even
be Steven Strong, one of the
Strong family that was there
with me.
And so we were out there, and
they got me to this location.
You can clearly
see these glyphs.
And what's interesting
with these glyphs,
there's actually
a section where it
looks like a flying saucer
with little saucers coming out
of the bottom of it.
It's pretty amazing stuff.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at the next picture.
>>CARSON: This side
here, these are
some of the Pleiadian
glyphs which
have not been deciphered yet.
According to the
Aboriginal elders,
these glyphs were made and left
by Pleiadian elders and people
that have come for--
>>NOORY: And they
carved away at that?
>>CARSON: Yeah, they carved
away and etched away at that.
So in between those cracks
and crevices of the glyphs,
you get a patina and other
organic material that grows,
and that can be dated.
>>NOORY: How tall
is that, Billy?
>>CARSON: It's about
60 to 70 feet tall.
>>NOORY: That big?
>>CARSON: It's massive.
It's pretty tall
stuff out there.
Yeah.
Pretty high.
You have to climb up
on different rocks
to see the higher levels.
In some areas, you
can't even get up there.
So nobody knows how-- it's
such a very tight area.
Nobody knows how
they were able to get
to the highest parts of that
cliff to etch those glyphs.
>>NOORY: Now those symbols or
pictures, what do they depict?
>>CARSON: Those are
pictographs or hieroglyphs.
They depict ideas and concepts
typically is what they depict.
But because they
can't be deciphered--
and the people who knew what
they meant are long gone.
But according to the Aboriginal
elders, those are Pleiadian.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at our last picture.
>>CARSON: Again, just
more glyphs here.
These are proto
Egyptian hieroglyphs.
And so these glyphs were
verified by the Board
of Antiquities of Egypt.
>>NOORY: And how big
is this structure here?
>>CARSON: This one here is
probably only about-- maybe
six feet tall.
>>NOORY: That's like a doorway.
>>CARSON: Right.
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
Really amazing.
>>NOORY: That looks like
an animal down there
at the bottom, doesn't it?
>>CARSON: Yeah, it kind of
looks like an animal down there.
They depict stories.
Primarily what they
were talking about--
a lot of the interactions that
they had when they came to this
area, when they came across who
they talked to, what they did,
what interaction--
>>NOORY: How old is that, Billy?
>>CARSON: These were
around 5,000 years old.
And they could be dated
because inside the crevices
of the glyphs, the patina and
the other organic material
has been dated back
to about 5,000 years.
>>NOORY: Look at how straight
the chisel lines are.
>>CARSON: It's incredible.
It's like they were made
with some type of a machine.
And you can see machine--
>>NOORY: Like they
cut it out, yeah.
>>CARSON: Yeah, there's some
machine marks left behind.
>>NOORY: Like it
was drilled out.
>>CARSON: It was drilled
out, or some type of laser.
Nobody knows exactly how,
but it's very, very accurate.
>>NOORY: Egyptian
glyphs in Australia.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What does
that tell you?
>>CARSON: It tells me
we've got a lot to learn.
[LAUGHS] What we thought
we knew, forget about it.
There was an interplanetary
civilization,
maybe even intergalactic.
They came here.
And when they were
here, they weren't just
in one region or this region.
Atlantis wasn't
just a ring city.
Atlantis was the entire planet.
And so they went around
this entire planet,
interacting with different
Indigenous cultures,
learning from them, teaching
them, building civilizations.
In the Emerald Tablets,
Thoth tells his crew
after they rebuild the
land of Khem, which is now
known as Egypt, he
brings them back up
to a high level of civilization
after the great flood.
So that means at one point, they
were already at a high level
before the flood.
And then he tells his
crew, go around the planet
and duplicate this,
what we just did here.
>>NOORY: What is so special
about planet Earth, Billy?
>>CARSON: Well,
what's special is
we're out in the boondocks
in our Milky Way Galaxy.
We're in this area on one
of the outer rings that
was dropped into this location.
When scientists
look into the sky
now, that swath of stars
going across in the night sky
that they thought was
part of the Milky Way
is actually not the Milky Way.
It's something called the
Sagittarius Dwarf Galaxy.
Not the Sagittarius
Constellation.
That's something
totally different.
The Sagittarius Dwarf Galaxy.
And this is another galaxy
much smaller than ours
that actually merged with
the Milky Way Galaxy,
and it's being gobbled
and swallowed up.
And where they found
at the intersect point
where that swath drops right
down into the Milky Way
is exactly where we're located.
So our solar system,
our planet, everything
here in this particular
sector of space
comes from a whole
nother galaxy.
We ourselves are aliens.
>>NOORY: Fascinating.
What other evidence is out
there of ancient races?
>>CARSON: Well, there's so much.
Besides all the ancient
text, we obviously
have all the
megalithic structures
that have been left
all over the planet.
And so no matter where
you go on this planet,
you're going to find
megalithic structures.
I mean, we even found
pyramids in Australia.
I wasn't even aware of that.
That was something
new to me, OK?
Pyramids were in Australia.
And then also, but
look off the planet.
Let's look at some of
the space probe data.
Let's look at the moon.
Why are there
pyramids on the moon?
Why are there areas on the moon
that look just like Giza where
the Sphinx is located?
Then you move on to Mars.
Again, you find more of
these duplicated-type stones.
You find the same
stones on Mars,
the same way built,
the structures
built that you do in the Mayan
civilizations of South America
where you have the
Chichen Itza and you have
Peru and all these other areas.
You find the same
exact techniques,
building techniques there.
It's really amazing how
no matter where you look,
we're finding
similarities, which
means there's one architect.
>>NOORY: What's next
for Billy Carson?
>>CARSON: Oh, so much stuff.
You know, obviously,
the situation
we had with the
planetary shutdown
stopped me from a
lot of my travels.
But moving into this
year, I'm heading out
to document the Lalibela
temples and the Kailash temples.
>>NOORY: You don't stop, do you?
>>CARSON: Oh, I can't stop.
There's too much to do here.
There's just too much.
>>NOORY: What is your
favorite region of the planet?
>>CARSON: My favorite region
right now still is Africa.
There's so many
hidden jewels there.
I mean, I'm not the only one--
>>NOORY: That's the
cradle of civilization.
>>CARSON: It's one of them.
Yeah.
I think-- well, Mesopotamia
is really part of Africa.
It used to be part of Africa.
Now it's been sectioned
off where now that's Iraq
and this is Africa.
>>NOORY: Now it's
the Middle East.
>>CARSON: Yeah.
In ancient times,
it was all Africa.
>>NOORY: Billy Carson,
you do remarkable work.
>>CARSON: Thank you.
>>NOORY: If you were a
teacher and you were teaching
young people about
all these things
and some little kid
comes up to you and goes,
Mr. Carson, do extraterrestrials
really visit us, how
would you tell him yes?
>>CARSON: I would say,
not only do they visit us,
but there are probably
some here right now,
and you wouldn't even know it.
[LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Billy, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>CARSON: Thank you.
Appreciate it.
>>NOORY: Fascinating
discussion with a man
who believes we've been
visited by extraterrestrials,
and he's telling our
planet that it's happening.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]